ADNAN RAUF
IT Administrator 
Combined Military Hospital Bahawalpur Contact #:+923042205442
Email-id: adnankhan7847744@gmail.com

Objective:
A motivated administrative and IT professional seeking a position in a challenging environment. Over 12 years of experience successfully providing administrative and Information Technology support to the operational department. Proficient in a range of computer applications. Well-developed communication and customer service skills.



Upto 2 Year of Experience in Combined Military Hospital Bahawalpur
From June 2022 to till now) as IT Administrator.

Upto 7 Year of Experience in Combined Military Hospital Bahawalpur
From Aug 2015 to June 2022) as Database System Administrator.

2 years Administrative experience in Ashraf Sugar Mills Limited, Bahawalpur.



3 Months of Computer Network Administration Course was offered by The Islamia University of  Bahawalpur  in  which  I  learn  and  practice “Maintaining computer networks linked with CISCO switches, routers and solving the problems that may occur with them. Typical responsibilities were: installing and configuring computer networks and systems.

3 Months of Web and Graphic Designing Course was offered by Vocational Training Institute of Bahawalpur (Powered by Govt of Pakistan) in which I learn “creating a website's visual elements, choosing layouts, pictures, creating sketches, making adjustments, and making sure design using Adobe Illustrator & Adobe Photoshop.

3 Months of Freelancing Course was offered by Digiskills.pk (Powered by Ministry of Information & Technology Pakistan) in which I learn “Identify different types of freelance marketplace, searching the right projects and pros and cons to freelancing”.
3 Months of WordPress Course was offered by Digiskills.pk (Powered by Ministry of Information & Technology Pakistan) in which I learn “Making a websit by using WordPress platform, Themes, Plugins, Website appearance and different types of tools and their functionalities”.

3 Months of Digital Marketing Course was offered by Digiskills.pk (Powered by Ministry of Information & Technology Pakistan) in which I learn “ Dynamics of digital marketing, social media marketing, monitoring and optimizing the digital marketing strategies”.

3 Months of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Course was offered by Digiskills.pk (Powered by Ministry of Information & Technology Pakistan) in which I learn “On Page & Off Page search engine optimization, advanced techniques and tools to make website rank higher.

3 Months of Digital Marketing Course was offered by Digiskills.pk (Powered by Ministry of Information & Technology Pakistan) in which I learn “ Global E- commerce echo system, setup and maintaining online E-Business and Payment gateways of Pakistan”.

3 Months of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Course was offered by Digiskills.pk (Powered by Ministry of Information & Technology Pakistan) in which I learn “Basic techniques for creative writing, Adopt new writing techniques and different writing of fictions – non fictions”.

40 hours of Fundamentals of Digital Marketing was offered by Google.com in which I learn “Digital Marketing from Search Engines, Search Marketing, and Paid Advertising to Social Media, and Mobile Marketing to Analytics and beyond”.

10.    Amazon Virtual Assistant – Enablers Pakistan          
A course of Amazon Virtual Assistant by Enablers makes me to learn principles and techniques of virtual assistant services to my clients. In this course I have learnt about “Amazon FBA, FBM, Product Hunting, Sourcing, Listing & Optimization, Order Management, Error fixing and PPC.


ISO (9001:2008 & 9001:2015)	
7 years of experience of Quality Management System ISO 9001:2008 and the latest version of ISO 9001:2015

Overall responsibilities of ISO SOPs implementation and documentation of Combined Military Hospital Bahawalpur

Training of Staff about ISO standards & Protocols

Hospital Management System	
9 years of Work experience in Pak Army Hospital Management System (HMS)

Languages	
English
Urdu
French
Personal Information	
Father’s Name	:	Abdul Rauf Date of Birth	:	01-Sep-1992 Nationality	:	Pakistani
Religion	:	Islam
Domicile	:	Bahawalpur (Punjab)
Gender	:	Male Marital Status	:	Married
Hobbies & Interests	
Anything which increases my knowledge and worth learning
Book reading
Travelling
References	
Brigadier Junaid Masud, Director Medical Services, Headquarters 31 Corps
Brigadier Imran Yousuf, Vice Principal KIMS Karachi
Colonel Nadeem Akhtar, Deputy Commandant, CMH Bahawalpur
